Beta 1 draft (#40)
githedgehog/docs: docs/install-upgrade/overview.md

1. Attach the image to the server either by inserting via USB, or attaching via virtual media. After this step the process is automated

1. Once the control node has booted it will auto login and begin the installation process
    1. Optionally use ` journalctl -f -u flatcar-install.service` to monitor progress

1. Once the install is complete the system will automatically reboot

1. Upon booting into the freshly installed system, the fabric installation will automatically begin
    1. Optionally this can be monitored with `journalctl -f -u fabric-install.service`

1. The install is complete when the log emits "Control Node installation complete"
    1. Additionally the systemctl status will show `inactive (dead)` indicating that the executable has finished

[Move on to the next step](#fabric-manages-switches)

### Fabric Manages Switches

Now that the install has finished, you can start interacting with the Fabric using `kubectl`, `kubectl fabric` and `k9s`, all preinstalled as part of the Control Node installer.

Now the fabric is handing out dhcp addresses to the switches via the management network. Optionally, to monitor this process: 
- enter `k9s` at the command prompt

> - use the arror keys to select the boot pod TODO (use the specific name)

Reviewer: arror -> arrow

## Overview of Install Process

This section is dedicated to the Hedgehog Fabric installation on bare-metal control node(s) and switches, their
preparation and configuration. To install the vlab see [Vlab Overview](../vlab/overview.md).

Download and install `hhfab` following instructions from the [Download](../getting-started/download.md) section.

The main steps to install Fabric are:

1. Install `hhfab` on the machines with access to the Internet
    1. [Prepare Wiring Diagram](./build-wiring.md)
    1. [Select Fabric Configuration](./config.md) // TODO - section on dhcp or ntp servers, the FAB.yaml
    1. [Build Control Node configuration and installer](#build-control-node-configuration-and-installer)
1. [Install Control Node](#install-control-node)
    1. Insert USB with control-os image into Fabric Control Node
    1. Boot the node off the USB to initiate the installation
1. Prepare Management Network
    1. Connect switch to Fabric control node
    1. Connect 1GbE Management ports of switches to control switch
1. Prepare supported switches
    1. Boot them into ONIE Install Mode to have them automatically provisioned

## Build Control Node configuration and Installer

> Hedgehog has created a command line utility, called `hhfab`, that will help generate the wiring diagram, validate the supplied configurations, and generate an installation image (.img) suitable for writing to a USB flash drive or mounting via IPMI virtual media.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hedgehog has created a command line utility, called `hhfab`, that helps generate the wiring diagram, validate the supplied configurations, and generate an installation image (.img) suitable for writing to a USB flash drive or mounting via IPMI virtual media.
```

### HHFAB commands to make a bootable image
1. `hhfab init --wiring wiring-lab.yaml`

> 1. The `init` command will generate a `fab.yaml` file, edit the `fab.yaml` file for your needs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The `init` command generates a `fab.yaml` file, edit the `fab.yaml` file for your needs
```

    1. ensure the correct boot disk (e.g. `/dev/sda`) and control node NIC names are supplied
1. `hhfab validate`
1. `hhfab build`

> The installer for the fabric will be generated in `$WORKDIR/result/`. This installation image is 7.5 GB in size. It is named control-1-usb.img. Once the image is created, it can be written to a USB drive, or mounted via virtual media.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The installer for the fabric is generated in `$WORKDIR/result/`. This installation image is named `control-1-usb.img` and is 7.5 GB in size. Once the image is created, you can write it to a USB drive, or mount it via virtual media.
```

Is the size (7.5 GB) stable, or should we provide something more approximative (“about 8 GB”)?

> ### Write USB image to disk
> !!! warning ""
>     This will erase data on the usb disk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Write USB Image to Disk

!!! warning ""
    This will erase data on the USB disk.
```

Nit: Consistency for title case

- Insert the usb to your machine

> - Identify the path to your usb stick for example `/dev/sdc`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Identify the path to your USB stick, for example: `/dev/sdc`
```

> - Issue the command to write the image to the usb drive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Issue the command to write the image to the USB drive
```

> - Issue the command to write the image to the usb drive

Reviewer 2: These are successive steps, use a numbered list?

    - `sudo dd if=/path/to/control-os/img of=/dev/sdc bs=4k status=progress`

There are utilities that assist this process such as [etcher](https://etcher.balena.io/).

## Install Control Node

This control node should be given a static IP address. Either a lease or statically assigned. 

1. Configure the server to use UEFI boot **without** secure boot

1. Attach the image to the server either by inserting via USB, or attaching via virtual media

> 1. Select boot off of the attached media, the installation process is **automated**

Reviewer 2: Why so much emphasis on “automated”?

> 1. Once the control node has booted it will auto login and begin the installation process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Once the control node has booted, it logs in automatically and begins the installation process
```

>     1. Optionally use ` journalctl -f -u flatcar-install.service` to monitor progress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Optionally use `journalctl -f -u flatcar-install.service` to monitor progress
```

> 1. Once the install is complete the system will automatically reboot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Once the installation is complete, the system automatically reboots.
```

> 1. After the system has shutdown but before the boot up process reaches the operating system, **remove the usb image from the system**. Removal this during the uefi boot screen is acceptable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. After the system has shutdown but before the boot up process reaches the operating system, **remove the USB image from the system**. Removal during the UEFI boot screen is acceptable.
```

1. Upon booting into the freshly installed system, the fabric installation will **automatically begin**

>     1. If the insecure `--dev` flag was passed to `hhfab init` the password for the `core` user is `HHFab.Admin!`, the switches have two users created `admin` and `op`. `admin` has administrator privileges and password `HHFab.Admin!`, the op user is a read only, non sudo user with password, `HHFab.Op!`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. If the insecure `--dev` flag was passed to `hhfab init` the password for the `core` user is `HHFab.Admin!`, the switches have two users created `admin` and `op`. `admin` has administrator privileges and password `HHFab.Admin!`, whereas the `op` user is a read-only, non-sudo user with password `HHFab.Op!`.
```

    1. Optionally this can be monitored with `journalctl -f -u fabric-install.service`

> 1. The install is complete when the log emits "Control Node installation complete"
>     1. Additionally the systemctl status will show `inactive (dead)` indicating that the executable has finished

Reviewer 2: No need for a subitem? At least no need to number it.

```suggestion
1. The install is complete when the log emits "Control Node installation complete". Additionally, the systemctl status will show `inactive (dead)` indicating that the executable has finished.
```

### Configure Management Network

> The control node is dual homed. It has a 10GbE interface that connects to the managment network. The other link called `external` in the `fab.yaml` file is for the customer to access the control node. The management network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. This management network can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The control node will run a dhcp and small http server. The management network shall not be accessible to machine or devices not associated with the fabric.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The control node is dual-homed. It has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network. The other link called `external` in the `fab.yaml` file is for the customer to access the control node. The management network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. This management network can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The control node will run a DHCP and small http servers. The management network is not accessible to machines or devices not associated with the fabric.
```

### Fabric Manages Switches

Now that the install has finished, you can start interacting with the Fabric using `kubectl`, `kubectl fabric` and `k9s`, all pre-installed as part of the Control Node installer.

> Now the fabric is handing out dhcp addresses to the switches via the management network. Optionally, to monitor this process: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this stage, the fabric hands out DHCP addresses to the switches via the management network. Optionally, you can monitor this process by going through the following steps: 
```

- enter `k9s` at the command prompt
- use the arrow keys to select the boot pod TODO (use the specific name)

> - the logs of the pod will be displayed showing the dhcp lease process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the logs of the pod will be displayed showing the DHCP lease process
```

Add instructions to display the logs?
